- goal for you here in this myself Liga
game against Pompey and how was it for
you well you know obviously you know
played in the stadium before and it's
one of my favourite teams to score
against it's my first time well plates
and the reserve team against them but
yeah and they talked us through the
goals you don't want to see the first
one was kind of a sneaky going in a way
got a back pass of someone and turn and
then had a look you know they've seen
that the goalkeeper was moving to the
right side so I just took the chance to
put in the short corner and ii was just
an open run on golden then through his
necks and it's a dobby of course it's
the research facility against ponte how
is it to score two goals it's good you
know obviously my good for my confidence
is good for getting back into the first
team and the first 11 anything yeah so
I'm just still working hard and doesn't
matter which game to this that it was
for the reserve team one for the first
team always give hundred percent and do
my best
now there's a couple of weeks until the
next game what a focus going to be in
the training for the next couple weeks
mmm obviously I still work hard you know
but we have a national team break you
know got the week enough so probably
just going home just to get some Rico
get to recover at home and get a bit you
know get a refresh mind just to stay
away from it for bit and just come back
with you know a lot of energy and how do
you feel you're adapting to the style of
play but you know the pay all of you
know they have such a professional
mentality
every single player so it's it's it's
nice and it's a hell lot of fun to play
with them so yeah
co-founded by steers a European sports
baiting a movie